(Readme Generated By ChatGPT)

# YouTube Video Filter Chrome Extension

## Description

This is a Work-In-Progress (WIP) Chrome extension that uses TensorFlow.js and WebGPU to filter out YouTube videos that are similar to a given prompt embedding. The extension uses the universal sentence encoder from tensorflow to compare the prompt embedding with the title of the YouTube videos and hides the ones that match. However, please note that this is a WIP project and there are currently some dependency conflicts which are being worked on.

## Pre-requisites

This extension currently only works on chrome as webGPU is not supported by other browsers currently

## Setup

### Install dependencies
Navigate to the root directory of the project in your terminal and run the following command to install necessary dependencies:
```
npm install
```

### Build
The following command will transpile the TypeScript files and bundle the JavaScript files necessary for the extension using webpack. The output will be placed in the `extension_dist` directory:
```
npm run build
```

## Testing the extension

To test the extension locally, follow the steps below:

1. Open Google Chrome
2. Navigate to `chrome://extensions`
3. Ensure the "Developer mode" switch in the top right corner is turned on
4. Click on "Load Unpacked"
5. Navigate to the `extension_dist` directory in your local version of this project
6. Select the `extension_dist` folder and click "Open"

## Current Issues

There are currently known issues with some dependencies in this project that are causing conflicts. This could lead to the extension not functioning as expected. These are being actively worked on.

## Contribution

Contributions to improve the extension or solve the known issues are welcome! Please feel free to submit a pull request or an issue on this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
